******************************two-sum
 Given an array of integers, return indices of the two numbers such that they
add up to a specific target.  You may assume that each input would have exactly
one solution.   Example:  Given nums = [2, 7, 11, 15], target = 9,
Because nums[ 0 ] + nums[ 1 ] = 2 + 7 = 9,
return [ 0 , 1 ].    UPDATE (2016/2/13): The return format had been changed to
zero-based indices. Please read the above updated description carefully.
Subscribe to see which companies asked this question    Show Tags   Array  Hash
Table     Show Similar Problems   (M) 3Sum  (M) 4Sum  (M) Two Sum II - Input
array is sorted  (E) Two Sum III - Data structure design

******************************minimum-path-sum
 Given a m x n grid filled with non-negative numbers, find a path from top left
to bottom right which minimizes the sum of all numbers along its path.  Note:
You can only move either down or right at any point in time.   Subscribe to see
which companies asked this question    Show Tags   Array  Dynamic Programming
Show Similar Problems   (M) Unique Paths  (H) Dungeon Game

******************************best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-iii
 Say you have an array for which the i th element is the price of a given stock
on day i .  Design an algorithm to find the maximum profit. You may complete at
most two transactions.  Note: You may not engage in multiple transactions at the
same time (ie, you must sell the stock before you buy again).   Subscribe to see
which companies asked this question    Show Tags   Array  Dynamic Programming
Show Similar Problems   (E) Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock  (M) Best Time to
Buy and Sell Stock II  (H) Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock IV

******************************sort-colors
 Given an array with n objects colored red, white or blue, sort them so that
objects of the same color are adjacent, with the colors in the order red, white
and blue.  Here, we will use the integers 0, 1, and 2 to represent the color
red, white, and blue respectively.   Note: You are not suppose to use the
library's sort function for this problem.  click to show follow up.   Follow up:
A rather straight forward solution is a two-pass algorithm using counting sort.
First, iterate the array counting number of 0's, 1's, and 2's, then overwrite
array with total number of 0's, then 1's and followed by 2's.  Could you come up
with an one-pass algorithm using only constant space?     Subscribe to see which
companies asked this question    Show Tags   Array  Two Pointers  Sort     Show
Similar Problems   (M) Sort List  (M) Wiggle Sort  (M) Wiggle Sort II

******************************majority-element-ii
 Given an integer array of size n , find all elements that appear more than
&lfloor; n/3 &rfloor; times. The algorithm should run in linear time and in O(1)
space.   How many majority elements could it possibly have?  Do you have a
better hint? Suggest it !    Subscribe to see which companies asked this
question    Show Tags   Array     Show Similar Problems   (E) Majority Element

******************************two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted
 Given an array of integers that is already sorted in ascending order , find two
numbers such that they add up to a specific target number.  The function twoSum
should return indices of the two numbers such that they add up to the target,
where index1 must be less than index2. Please note that your returned answers
(both index1 and index2) are not zero-based.  You may assume that each input
would have exactly one solution.   Input: numbers={2, 7, 11, 15}, target=9
Output: index1=1, index2=2   Subscribe to see which companies asked this
question    Show Tags   Array  Two Pointers  Binary Search     Show Similar
Problems   (E) Two Sum

******************************combination-sum-iii
  Find all possible combinations of k numbers that add up to a number n , given
that only numbers from 1 to 9 can be used and each combination should be a
unique set of numbers.      Example 1:  Input: k = 3, n = 7  Output:  [[1,2,4]]
Example 2:  Input: k = 3, n = 9  Output:  [[1,2,6], [1,3,5], [2,3,4]]   Credits:
Special thanks to @mithmatt for adding this problem and creating all test cases.
Subscribe to see which companies asked this question    Show Tags   Array
Backtracking     Show Similar Problems   (M) Combination Sum

******************************insert-interval
 Given a set of non-overlapping intervals, insert a new interval into the
intervals (merge if necessary).  You may assume that the intervals were
initially sorted according to their start times.   Example 1: Given intervals
[1,3],[6,9] , insert and merge [2,5] in as [1,5],[6,9] .   Example 2: Given
[1,2],[3,5],[6,7],[8,10],[12,16] , insert and merge [4,9] in as
[1,2],[3,10],[12,16] .  This is because the new interval [4,9] overlaps with
[3,5],[6,7],[8,10] .   Subscribe to see which companies asked this question
Show Tags   Array  Sort     Show Similar Problems   (H) Merge Intervals

******************************subsets
 Given a set of distinct integers, nums , return all possible subsets.  Note:
The solution set must not contain duplicate subsets.  For example, If nums =
[1,2,3] , a solution is:  [
[3],
[1],
[2],
[1,2,3],
[1,3],
[2,3],
[1,2],
[]
]   Subscribe to see which companies asked this question    Show Tags   Array
Backtracking  Bit Manipulation     Show Similar Problems   (M) Generalized
Abbreviation

******************************contains-duplicate-ii
 Given an array of integers and an integer k , find out whether there are two
distinct indices i and j in the array such that nums[i] = nums[j] and the
difference between i and j is at most k .   Subscribe to see which companies
asked this question    Show Tags   Array  Hash Table     Show Similar Problems
(E) Contains Duplicate  (M) Contains Duplicate III

******************************find-peak-element
 A peak element is an element that is greater than its neighbors.  Given an
input array where num[i] ≠ num[i+1] , find a peak element and return its index.
The array may contain multiple peaks, in that case return the index to any one
of the peaks is fine.  You may imagine that num[-1] = num[n] = -∞ .  For
example, in array [1, 2, 3, 1] , 3 is a peak element and your function should
return the index number 2.  click to show spoilers.  Note:  Your solution should
be in logarithmic complexity.   Credits: Special thanks to @ts for adding this
problem and creating all test cases.   Subscribe to see which companies asked
this question    Show Tags   Binary Search  Array

******************************maximal-rectangle
 Given a 2D binary matrix filled with 0's and 1's, find the largest rectangle
containing only 1's and return its area.  For example, given the following
matrix: 1 0 1 0 0
1 0 1  1  1 1 1 1  1  1 1 0 0 1 0 Return 6.   Subscribe to see which companies
asked this question    Show Tags   Array  Hash Table  Stack  Dynamic Programming
Show Similar Problems   (H) Largest Rectangle in Histogram  (M) Maximal Square

******************************best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock
 Say you have an array for which the i th element is the price of a given stock
on day i .  If you were only permitted to complete at most one transaction (ie,
buy one and sell one share of the stock), design an algorithm to find the
maximum profit.  Example 1:  Input: [7, 1, 5, 3, 6, 4]
Output: 5
max. difference = 6-1 = 5 (not 7-1 = 6, as selling price needs to be larger than
buying price)   Example 2:  Input: [7, 6, 4, 3, 1]
Output: 0
In this case, no transaction is done, i.e. max profit = 0.    Subscribe to see
which companies asked this question    Show Tags   Array  Dynamic Programming
Show Similar Problems   (M) Maximum Subarray  (M) Best Time to Buy and Sell
Stock II  (H) Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock III  (H) Best Time to Buy and Sell
Stock IV  (M) Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock with Cooldown

******************************find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array
 Suppose a sorted array is rotated at some pivot unknown to you beforehand.
(i.e., 0 1 2 4 5 6 7 might become 4 5 6 7 0 1 2 ).  Find the minimum element.
You may assume no duplicate exists in the array.   Subscribe to see which
companies asked this question    Show Tags   Array  Binary Search     Show
Similar Problems   (H) Search in Rotated Sorted Array  (H) Find Minimum in
Rotated Sorted Array II

******************************median-of-two-sorted-arrays
 There are two sorted arrays nums1 and nums2 of size m and n respectively.  Find
the median of the two sorted arrays. The overall run time complexity should be
O(log (m+n)).  Example 1:  nums1 = [1, 3]
nums2 = [2]
The median is 2.0   Example 2:  nums1 = [1, 2]
nums2 = [3, 4]
The median is (2 + 3)/2 = 2.5    Subscribe to see which companies asked this
question    Show Tags   Binary Search  Array  Divide and Conquer

******************************word-search
 Given a 2D board and a word, find if the word exists in the grid.  The word can
be constructed from letters of sequentially adjacent cell, where "adjacent"
cells are those horizontally or vertically neighboring. The same letter cell may
not be used more than once.  For example, Given board = [
['A','B','C','E'],
['S','F','C','S'],
['A','D','E','E']
]  word = "ABCCED" , -> returns true ,  word = "SEE" , -> returns true ,  word =
"ABCB" , -> returns false .    Subscribe to see which companies asked this
question    Show Tags   Array  Backtracking     Show Similar Problems   (H) Word
Search II

******************************summary-ranges
 Given a sorted integer array without duplicates, return the summary of its
ranges.  For example, given [0,1,2,4,5,7] , return ["0->2","4->5","7"].
Credits: Special thanks to @jianchao.li.fighter for adding this problem and
creating all test cases.   Subscribe to see which companies asked this question
Show Tags   Array     Show Similar Problems   (M) Missing Ranges  (H) Data
Stream as Disjoint Intervals

******************************search-in-rotated-sorted-array
 Suppose a sorted array is rotated at some pivot unknown to you beforehand.
(i.e., 0 1 2 4 5 6 7 might become 4 5 6 7 0 1 2 ).  You are given a target value
to search. If found in the array return its index, otherwise return -1.  You may
assume no duplicate exists in the array.   Subscribe to see which companies
asked this question    Show Tags   Binary Search  Array     Show Similar
Problems   (M) Search in Rotated Sorted Array II  (M) Find Minimum in Rotated
Sorted Array

******************************find-the-duplicate-number
 Given an array nums containing n + 1 integers where each integer is between 1
and n (inclusive), prove that at least one duplicate number must exist. Assume
that there is only one duplicate number, find the duplicate one.   Note:   You
must not modify the array (assume the array is read only).  You must use only
constant, O (1) extra space.  Your runtime complexity should be less than O(n 2
) .  There is only one duplicate number in the array, but it could be repeated
more than once.    Credits: Special thanks to @jianchao.li.fighter for adding
this problem and creating all test cases.   Subscribe to see which companies
asked this question    Show Tags   Binary Search  Array  Two Pointers     Show
Similar Problems   (H) First Missing Positive  (E) Single Number  (M) Linked
List Cycle II  (M) Missing Number

******************************pascals-triangle
 Given numRows , generate the first numRows of Pascal's triangle.  For example,
given numRows = 5, Return [
[1],
[1,1],
[1,2,1],
[1,3,3,1],
[1,4,6,4,1]
]    Subscribe to see which companies asked this question    Show Tags   Array
Show Similar Problems   (E) Pascal&#39;s Triangle II

******************************contains-duplicate
 Given an array of integers, find if the array contains any duplicates. Your
function should return true if any value appears at least twice in the array,
and it should return false if every element is distinct.   Subscribe to see
which companies asked this question    Show Tags   Array  Hash Table     Show
Similar Problems   (E) Contains Duplicate II  (M) Contains Duplicate III

