******************************sort-list
 Sort a linked list in O ( n log n ) time using constant space complexity.
Subscribe to see which companies asked this question    Show Tags   Linked List
Sort     Show Similar Problems   (E) Merge Two Sorted Lists  (M) Sort Colors
(M) Insertion Sort List

******************************wiggle-sort-ii
 Given an unsorted array nums , reorder it such that nums[0] < nums[1] > nums[2]
< nums[3]... .   Example: (1) Given nums = [1, 5, 1, 1, 6, 4] , one possible
answer is [1, 4, 1, 5, 1, 6] . (2) Given nums = [1, 3, 2, 2, 3, 1] , one
possible answer is [2, 3, 1, 3, 1, 2] .   Note: You may assume all input has
valid answer.   Follow Up: Can you do it in O(n) time and/or in-place with O(1)
extra space?  Credits: Special thanks to @dietpepsi for adding this problem and
creating all test cases.   Subscribe to see which companies asked this question
Show Tags   Sort     Show Similar Problems   (M) Sort Colors  (M) Kth Largest
Element in an Array  (M) Wiggle Sort

******************************intersection-of-two-arrays
 Given two arrays, write a function to compute their intersection.  Example:
Given nums1 = [1, 2, 2, 1] , nums2 = [2, 2] , return [2] .  Note:   Each element
in the result must be unique.  The result can be in any order.     Subscribe to
see which companies asked this question    Show Tags   Binary Search  Hash Table
Two Pointers  Sort     Show Similar Problems   (E) Intersection of Two Arrays II

******************************insert-interval
 Given a set of non-overlapping intervals, insert a new interval into the
intervals (merge if necessary).  You may assume that the intervals were
initially sorted according to their start times.   Example 1: Given intervals
[1,3],[6,9] , insert and merge [2,5] in as [1,5],[6,9] .   Example 2: Given
[1,2],[3,5],[6,7],[8,10],[12,16] , insert and merge [4,9] in as
[1,2],[3,10],[12,16] .  This is because the new interval [4,9] overlaps with
[3,5],[6,7],[8,10] .   Subscribe to see which companies asked this question
Show Tags   Array  Sort     Show Similar Problems   (H) Merge Intervals

******************************intersection-of-two-arrays-ii
 Given two arrays, write a function to compute their intersection.  Example:
Given nums1 = [1, 2, 2, 1] , nums2 = [2, 2] , return [2, 2] .  Note:   Each
element in the result should appear as many times as it shows in both arrays.
The result can be in any order.    Follow up:   What if the given array is
already sorted? How would you optimize your algorithm?  What if nums1 's size is
small compared to nums2 's size? Which algorithm is better?  What if elements of
nums2 are stored on disk, and the memory is limited such that you cannot load
all elements into the memory at once?     Subscribe to see which companies asked
this question    Show Tags   Binary Search  Hash Table  Two Pointers  Sort
Show Similar Problems   (E) Intersection of Two Arrays

******************************insertion-sort-list
 Sort a linked list using insertion sort.   Subscribe to see which companies
asked this question    Show Tags   Linked List  Sort     Show Similar Problems
(M) Sort List

******************************maximum-gap
 Given an unsorted array, find the maximum difference between the successive
elements in its sorted form.  Try to solve it in linear time/space.  Return 0 if
the array contains less than 2 elements.  You may assume all elements in the
array are non-negative integers and fit in the 32-bit signed integer range.
Credits: Special thanks to @porker2008 for adding this problem and creating all
test cases.   Subscribe to see which companies asked this question    Show Tags
Sort

******************************largest-number
 Given a list of non negative integers, arrange them such that they form the
largest number.  For example, given [3, 30, 34, 5, 9] , the largest formed
number is 9534330 .  Note: The result may be very large, so you need to return a
string instead of an integer.  Credits: Special thanks to @ts for adding this
problem and creating all test cases.   Subscribe to see which companies asked
this question    Show Tags   Sort

******************************h-index
 Given an array of citations (each citation is a non-negative integer) of a
researcher, write a function to compute the researcher's h-index.  According to
the definition of h-index on Wikipedia : "A scientist has index h if h of
his/her N papers have at least  h citations each, and the other N âˆ’ h papers
have no more than  h citations each."  For example, given citations = [3, 0, 6,
1, 5] , which means the researcher has 5 papers in total and each of them had
received 3, 0, 6, 1, 5 citations respectively. Since the researcher has 3 papers
with at least  3 citations each and the remaining two with no more than  3
citations each, his h-index is 3 .   Note : If there are several possible values
for h , the maximum one is taken as the h-index.   An easy approach is to sort
the array first.  What are the possible values of h-index?  A faster approach is
to use extra space.   Credits: Special thanks to @jianchao.li.fighter for adding
this problem and creating all test cases.   Subscribe to see which companies
asked this question    Show Tags   Hash Table  Sort     Show Similar Problems
(M) H-Index II

******************************merge-intervals
 Given a collection of intervals, merge all overlapping intervals.  For example,
Given [1,3],[2,6],[8,10],[15,18] , return [1,6],[8,10],[15,18] .   Subscribe to
see which companies asked this question    Show Tags   Array  Sort     Show
Similar Problems   (H) Insert Interval  (E) Meeting Rooms  (M) Meeting Rooms II

******************************sort-colors
 Given an array with n objects colored red, white or blue, sort them so that
objects of the same color are adjacent, with the colors in the order red, white
and blue.  Here, we will use the integers 0, 1, and 2 to represent the color
red, white, and blue respectively.   Note: You are not suppose to use the
library's sort function for this problem.  click to show follow up.   Follow up:
A rather straight forward solution is a two-pass algorithm using counting sort.
First, iterate the array counting number of 0's, 1's, and 2's, then overwrite
array with total number of 0's, then 1's and followed by 2's.  Could you come up
with an one-pass algorithm using only constant space?     Subscribe to see which
companies asked this question    Show Tags   Array  Two Pointers  Sort     Show
Similar Problems   (M) Sort List  (M) Wiggle Sort  (M) Wiggle Sort II

******************************valid-anagram
 Given two strings s and t , write a function to determine if t is an anagram of
s .  For example,  s = "anagram", t = "nagaram", return true.  s = "rat", t =
"car", return false.  Note: You may assume the string contains only lowercase
alphabets.  Follow up: What if the inputs contain unicode characters? How would
you adapt your solution to such case?   Subscribe to see which companies asked
this question    Show Tags   Hash Table  Sort     Show Similar Problems   (M)
Group Anagrams  (E) Palindrome Permutation

